[Music]
Hello, how are you my
dearest Lovers of the heart I hope
you're having a beautiful and
spectacular day and that we'll see each other very
soon family How are you? Okay,
when are you watching this video, you already
know that I'm on sick leave I ask you
please to rate all these videos
that I'm leaving recorded for you to
try, well so that you're
entertained so that you don't notice my
absence too much, okay,
content will be uploaded,
videos that I have recorded will be uploaded and
the best programs will be summarized
also to remember them, okay, yes, I
ask you please Is that you give a lot of
support to the Channel while I'm gone
I hope it's two or three days or something
like that at the most and that you give a lot of support to the
share button, that you give a lot of support to the
like button and above all that you click on
follow because you know that it's
completely free and that with that you
help me a lot on this occasion we are going
to comment on a good one it's an image that
our dear jero shares to whom we
send a hug and I recommend that you
all follow on Twitter because  he is
always very active no and in favor of the
Flores Moreno family It turns out that he
shares this screenshot with a
tweet that the magazine lectura has posted,
which I find very sad, I'm going to be
honest, neither do I see that it
surprises me much, nor do I feel that it
surprises me at all because
obviously we have said it many
times, lectura magazine is not at
all a news medium for celebrities or
anything like that. In other words,
lectura magazine is a Rostiguito pamphlet, a
Rosito pamphlet, there are
Podemos pamphlets, PSOE pamphlets, pamphlets for
all parties, this is a pamphlet. Let's
see, lectura magazine has now
directly become a
Rocío Carrasco fan club. We have to
remember that the director of the magazine
goes out to eat with Fidel, with Rosita and such.
Hey, in the end it's very good. You can
be friends with whoever you want.
Personally, you already know that I have better
and worse relationships with some of the
characters we talk about here, but I
try at least not to break the news
with falsehoods, with, I don't know, with a
touch of lies, not even to look  the
headline and you tell me not the
story of the Happy family, I mean
simply the first sentence not the
story of the happy family
is that more than a magazine that gives you
news it is a magazine of criticism that
if they are sold that way Hey
completely valid I have a channel
in which I criticize one another whoever I want
and that's it no problem nothing I don't have to
be objective okay I am not
on this channel in tele salseo yes it is
a little more newsworthy but for example
in el canijo in my main channel it is a
channel of criticism and I am in charge of
protesting, denouncing, messing with
one another or basically that they
sell themselves as such no Hey well look
we are a magazine fan club of Rosito
And this is what there is the story of the
happy family that Antonio
David Olga and Rocío Flores have sold is in the
process of being destroyed here I would add
the story of the happy family that
you have sold also no reading Or
they have only sold it because as far as
I know come on let's go you have made a
good butter a good box every time
Rocío Antonio David and  Olga has
wanted to give facilities and sometimes they have
not even given statements to
you at some point you have sold their
story okay you have sold it
because they have given statements in Sálvame
because there are statements in other
media you have echoed because you
have sold magazines not at
their expense so now the story that you have
sold not the story that you have
sold you with them too we are going
to put it like this no and now we have learned of
the tense relationship between Rocío and Olga when they
gave an image of Unity in the face of
adversity to attack Rocío Carrasco
here is that notice you that these are
four and a half words and there is a lot to
comment on point number one
[Music] it
is not that we have just found out
that Olga and Rocío
have a tense relationship and that they
have deceived us throughout this time it
is that throughout this time they have
gotten along spectacularly until they have had a
fight and at the moment that they have
fought well they have a tense relationship
but we have discovered it now because it has
been tense from now on or rather it is that they
are trying to sell it to you as
if they had  years pretending to be a
happy family and now suddenly we've
discovered that there was a tense relationship
but that in order to attack Rosito okay
to attack Rosito they pretended to get along
Let's see Olga and Rocío Flores
even when the relationship came out both
in the one I saw with Martha Greco I mean they were
like sisters they were like friends okay they
had more of a relationship like friends than
almost like a mother I mean they went on trips
to let off steam to disconnect they
traveled to be there for magazine confidences what a
magazine joke I'm telling you seriously they have
n't sold any stories they got along
great and happy until they are well
that they have fought they have fought
but like that recently it's not like they have
pretended to have a good relationship and now
suddenly we have discovered that all
these years they have gotten along badly okay And
apart from that she says when they gave an image of
Unity in the face of adversity to attack
Rocío Carrasco
what the [ __ ] stop and are you going to forgive me for
the word what the [ __ ] to attack
Rocío Carrasco I mean let's see if I
ask at home eh I'll put it on
the table all of you who  are you watching me Or
listening to me, rather no if I
have a fight at home with my son, with my
father, with my sister and I don't tell you it's
to attack Rosita Rajoy, I'm
telling us because I don't feel like it, okay,
period anyway, let's see, you're
not going to deny that this family has
love between them, okay, you know what I
think and now I'm going to move on to another
point, you know what I think because they
always want to sell or be happy that it
's a broken family that doesn't
love each other, that there's no love that exists because
Rosito has no love and because Rosito doesn't
get along with anyone in the family, okay And
then they want to, like, put everyone on the
same level, okay, as if to
say, well, she can't be that bad because
everyone is the same, it's not like that's
what happens to her, no, that's what happens to her, they
want to normalize the fact that
a mother doesn't want to know anything about her
children, that's what happens to them and I find it
pathetic, or rather, a pamphlet that tries to
defend that, and well, over here, on the other
hand, I want to update a news story
because Hero is here throwing a fit at Bueno,
tweeter who is a hater you already know her she
is not the same tweeter who starts
manipulating things to insult Marta
risk of insulting me she is a tweeter
in truth that has
quite shameful behavior No and above all I think she will
have trouble I think she will have trouble
okay he has done some things there that
are quite
quite screwed up no But anyway I am not going to
get into the fight that jero has with
this user La Movida who is
answering the tweeter because this
tweeter is manipulating to try to make it
seem that Antonio David would be like
on social networks supporting comments against
Olga Moreno and however Look I want to
show you this that let's go it's a tweet from
13 hours ago that Gero shared and it
's a tweet from 13 hours ago from Antonio
David who has been active on Twitter in the
last few hours and he has been sharing and
liking
tweets that support Olga Moreno as if she
were another member of the
Flores family okay or so here I want to make it
clear so that it is on record that as of
today January 18  From 2023 Antonio
vi is still treating Olga within the
core of the family unit, okay,
supporting her defense, supporting her, supporting the
people who support Olga, anyway, let this be
known, okay, family. What do you think? I'll
be reading you in the comments box. I
send you a huge hug and I'll see you in
the next video.
[Music]